https://github.com/customer-terms/general-terms

GitHub Customer Agreement

This Agreement consists of the General Terms, the applicable Product Specific Terms and any additional terms
GitHub presents when an order is placed. The Agreement takes effect when Customer accepts the General
Terms, and the individual who accepts these General Terms represents that they are authorized to enter into
this Agreement on behalf of Customer.

GitHub General Terms

These General Terms apply to all of Customer’s orders under this Agreement. Capitalized terms have the
meanings given under Definitions.

1 License to use GitHub Products

1.1 License grant. Products are licensed and not sold. Subject to Customer’s compliance with this
Agreement, GitHub grants to Customer a nonexclusive and limited license to install and use the
Products ordered as provided in the applicable Product Specific Terms and this Agreement. The licenses
are only for Customer’s internal business purposes and are non-transferable except as expressly
permitted under this Agreement or applicable law.

1.2 Duration of licenses. Licenses expire at the end of the applicable Subscription Term unless renewed.

1.3 Accounts. Customer may assign each Subscription License to one individual End User for use or access
on any number of devices. Customer may not reassign a Subscription License to another End User
within 90 days of the last assignment, except where End User’s relationship with Customer ends or End
User goes on leave. End User accounts may not be shared by individuals.

1.4 End Users. Customer controls access to and use of the Products by End Users. Customer is responsible
for End Users’ use.

1.5 Product Specific Terms. Product Specific Terms apply to Products, such as GitHub AE, GitHub Enterprise
Cloud and GitHub Enterprise Server. If there is a conflict between the Product Specific Terms and the
General Terms, the Product Specific Terms apply for that Product.

1.6 Previews. Previews are provided “AS-IS”, “WITH ALL FAULTS” and “AS AVAILABLE”. GitHub may change
or discontinue Previews at any time without notice.

1.7 Product changes. GitHub has the right to make changes to the Products if such changes do not
materially lessen the Product’s functionality. GitHub may provide additional terms that apply to
Customer’s use of updates, new features or related software.

1.8 Affiliates. Customer’s Affiliates may use the Products under this Agreement. Customer is responsible for
its Affiliates’ use, and Customer has the sole right to enforce this Agreement.

1.9 Compliance with laws. Customer’s use of the Products must not violate any applicable laws, including
copyright or trademark laws, export control laws and regulations, including laws and regulations in its
jurisdiction.

1.10 Reservation of rights. Products are protected by copyright and other intellectual property laws and
international treaties. GitHub reserves all rights not expressly granted in this Agreement, and no rights
are granted or implied by waiver or estoppel.

1.11 Feedback. Feedback by Customer is voluntary and may be used by GitHub for any purpose without
obligation of any kind.

1.12 Restrictions. Unless expressly permitted in this Agreement or by law, Customer may not:
(a) reverse engineer, decompile, or disassemble any Product, or try to do so;
(b) run, upgrade or downgrade, or transfer parts of a Product separately at different times or on
different devices;
(c) install, use, or distribute other software or technology in any way that makes
GitHub’s intellectual property or technology subject to any other license terms;
(d) work around technical limitations in a Product or restrictions in Product documentation; or
(e) sell, rent, lease, sublicense, distribute or lend any Products to others, in whole or in part, or host
Products for use by others.

2 Support

Support. GitHub will Support a generally available release of a Product for one year from the original
release date or 6 months from the last generally available update of such release, whichever is longer.
GitHub is not responsible for Support if (a) someone other than a GitHub Representative modifies the
Products or (b) Customer uses the Products in a manner unauthorized by the Agreement or Product
documentation.
3 Data Protection

Personal Data. Customer and GitHub will comply with applicable data protection laws.

4 Confidentiality

4.1 Existing NDA. If the parties have entered into a non-disclosure agreement, those terms apply instead of
this confidentiality section.

4.2 Confidential Information. “Confidential Information” is non-public information in any form that is
marked as “confidential” or that a reasonable person should understand is confidential. This includes,
but is not limited to, Customer Content, the terms of this Agreement and Customer’s account
authentication credentials.
Confidential Information does not include information that:
(a) becomes publicly available without a breach of a confidentiality obligation;
(b) was received lawfully from another source without a confidentiality obligation;
(c) is independently developed; or
(d) is Feedback.

4.3 Protection of Confidential Information. Each party will take reasonable steps to protect the other’s
Confidential Information. A party will only use the other party’s Confidential Information as part of the
parties’ business relationship. Neither party will disclose Confidential Information to third parties. A
party may only share Confidential Information with a party’s Representatives on a need-to-know basis,
under nondisclosure obligations at least as protective as this Agreement. Each party remains
responsible for the use of Confidential Information by its Representatives. A party must promptly notify
the other party if it discovers any unauthorized use or disclosure.

4.4 Disclosure required by law. A party may disclose the other’s Confidential Information if required by law,
but only after it notifies the other party (if legally permissible) so that the other party can seek a
protective order.

4.5 Residual information. Neither party is required to restrict its Representatives in other work assignments
if they have had access to Confidential Information. Each party agrees that the use of information
retained in Representatives’ unaided memories in the development or deployment of the parties’
respective products or services does not create liability under this Agreement or trade secret law.

4.6 Duration of confidentiality obligation. These confidentiality obligations apply (1) for Customer Content,
until it is deleted from the Online Services; and (2) for all other Confidential Information, for a period of
five years after a party receives the Confidential Information.

5 Warranties

5.1 Limited warranties and remedies.
(a) Online Services. GitHub warrants that the Online Services will perform in accordance with the
applicable SLA during Customer’s use. Customer’s remedies for breach of this warranty are
described in the SLA.
(b) Software. GitHub warrants that the Software will perform substantially as described in the
applicable Product documentation for one year from the date Customer acquires a license for that
version. If it does not and Customer notifies GitHub within the warranty term, GitHub will at its
option (a) return the price Customer paid for the Software license or (b) repair or replace the
Software.
(c) Support. GitHub warrants that it will perform Support in accordance with the applicable Support

program. Customer’s remedies for breach of this warranty are described in the Support programs.
The remedies above are Customer’s sole remedies for breach of the warranties. Customer waives any
warranty claims not made during the warranty period.

5.2 Exclusions. The warranties in this Agreement do not apply to problems caused by accident, abuse, or
use inconsistent with this Agreement, including failure to meet minimum system requirements. These
warranties do not apply to Previews.

5.3 Disclaimer. Except for the limited warranties above and subject to applicable law, GitHub provides no
other warranties. It disclaims any other express, implied or statutory warranties, including warranties of
quality, title, non-infringement, merchantability, and fitness for a particular purpose.

6 Third party claims

6.1 The parties will defend each other against third party claims described in this section and will pay the
amount of any resulting adverse final judgment or approved settlement, but only if the defending party
is promptly notified in writing of the claim and has the right to control the defense and any settlement
of it.

6.2 The party being defended must provide the defending party with all requested assistance, information,
and authority. The defending party will then reimburse the other party for reasonable out-of-pocket
expenses it incurs in providing such assistance.

6.3 This section describes the parties’ sole remedies and entire liability for such claims.
(a) By GitHub. GitHub will defend Customer against any third-party claim that a Product made
available by GitHub for a fee and used within the scope of this Agreement (unmodified as provided
by GitHub and not combined with anything else), misappropriated a trade secret or directly
infringes a patent, copyright, trademark, or other proprietary right of a third party. If GitHub is
unable to resolve a claim of misappropriation or infringement, it may, at its option, either (1)
modify or replace the Product with a functional equivalent or (2) terminate Customer’s license and
refund any license fees, including amounts paid in advance for any usage period after the
termination date. GitHub will not be liable for any claims or damages due to Customer’s continued
use of a Product after being notified to stop due to a third-party claim.
(b) By Customer. To the extent permitted by applicable law, Customer will defend GitHub and its
Affiliates against any third-party claim that: (1) any Customer Content misappropriated a trade
secret or directly infringes a patent, copyright, trademark, or other proprietary right of a third
party; or (2) Customer’s use of any Product, alone or in combination with anything else, violates
the law or harms a third party.

7 Limitation of liability

7.1 Each party’s maximum, aggregate liability to the other under this Agreement is limited to direct
damages finally awarded in an amount not to exceed the following:
(a) Products. For Products ordered on a subscription basis, GitHub’s maximum liability to Customer for
any incident giving rise to a claim will not exceed the amount Customer paid for the Product during
the 12 months before the incident.
(b) Previews. For Previews, GitHub’s maximum liability is limited to US $5,000.
(c) Exclusions. In no event will either party be liable for indirect, incidental, special, punitive, or
consequential damages, or loss of use, loss of profits, or interruption of business; however caused
or on any theory of liability.
(d) Exceptions. No limitation or exclusions will apply to liability arising out of either party’s (1)
confidentiality obligations (except for liability related to Customer Content, which is subject to the
above limitation for Products); (2) defense obligations above; or (3) violation of the other party’s
intellectual property rights.

8 Pricing and payment

8.1 Fees. Customer agrees to pay fees in full, up front and, if invoiced, within thirty (30) days of the invoice
date. Amounts payable are non-refundable, except as stated in this Agreement regarding Product
warranty and third-party claims. If billed based on usage, GitHub will invoice according to the billing
model described in the Product documentation.

8.2 Late payment. If Customer fails to pay fees on time, GitHub has the right to charge 2% monthly interest
on past due amounts as allowed by law. GitHub also has the right to charge Customer for all expenses of
recovery, to terminate the applicable order, turn off access and to take any other action at law.

8.3 Taxes. Customer is solely responsible for all taxes, fees, duties and governmental assessments (except
for taxes based on GitHub’s net income) that are imposed or become due in connection with this
Agreement. If any taxes are required to be withheld on payments invoiced by GitHub, Customer may
deduct such taxes from the amount owed and pay them to the appropriate taxing authority, but only if
Customer promptly provides GitHub an official receipt for those withholdings and other documents
reasonably requested to allow GitHub to claim a foreign tax credit or refund. Customer will ensure that
any taxes withheld are minimized to the extent possible under applicable law.

9 Term and termination

9.1 Term. This Agreement is effective until terminated by a party, as described below.

9.2 Termination without cause. Either party may terminate this Agreement without cause on 30 days’
notice. Licenses granted on a subscription basis will continue for the duration of the Subscription Term,
subject to the terms of this Agreement.

9.3 Termination for cause. Without limiting other remedies, either party may terminate this Agreement for
material breach immediately if the other party fails to cure a curable breach within a 30-day notice
period. Upon such termination:
(a) All licenses granted under this Agreement will terminate immediately.
(b) All amounts due under any unpaid invoices will become due and payable immediately.
(c) If GitHub is in breach, Customer will be reimbursed for any prepaid unused fees.

9.4 Migration. Customer may migrate or request migration of the data in its repositories for up to ninety
(90) days after termination of this Agreement. Customer may not use the Products on a production
basis during that time.

9.5 Termination for regulatory reasons. GitHub may modify, discontinue, or terminate a Product in any
country or jurisdiction where there is any current or future government regulation, obligation, or other
requirement, that (1) is not generally applicable to businesses operating there; (2) presents a hardship
for GitHub to continue offering the Product without modification; or (3) causes GitHub to believe these
terms or the Product may conflict with any such regulation, obligation, or requirement. If GitHub
terminates a subscription for regulatory reasons, Customer will receive, as its sole remedy, a
reimbursement for any prepaid, unused subscription fees.

10 Miscellaneous

10.1 Independent contractors. The parties are independent contractors. Customer and GitHub may develop
products independently without using the other’s Confidential Information.

10.2 Amendments. GitHub may require Customer to accept revised or additional terms before processing a
new order. Any additional or conflicting terms and conditions presented by Customer are expressly
rejected and will not apply.

10.3 Order of precedence. Conflicting terms in the Product Specific Terms take precedence over these
General Terms as to the applicable Products. The parties may agree on changes to Section 8 Pricing and
payment and Section 10.11 Law and venue by a signed order form. Other than that, these General
Terms will take precedence over any conflicting terms in other documents.

10.4 Assignment. Either party may assign this Agreement to an Affiliate but it must notify the other party in
writing of the assignment. GitHub may also assign its rights to receive payment and enforce Customer’s
payment obligations. Any other assignment of this Agreement must be approved by the other party in
writing. Such notification to GitHub shall be made to the account manager at GitHub. Any attempted
assignment without required approval will be void.

10.5 Compliance with trade laws. The parties acknowledge that the Products may be subject to U.S. and
other countries’ export jurisdictions. Each party will comply with all laws and regulations applicable to
the import or export of the Products, including, but not limited to, the U.S. Export Administration
Regulations, International Traffic in Arms Regulations, and sanctions regulations administered by the U.S.
Office of Foreign Assets Control (“trade laws”). Customer will not take any action that causes GitHub to
violate U.S. or other applicable trade laws. If Customer learns of a potential violation of trade laws
relating to the performance of this Agreement, or a potential violation of the terms in this subsection, it
will alert GitHub as soon as possible, but in no event more than 14 days after acquiring this knowledge.
GitHub may suspend or terminate this Agreement to the extent that it reasonably concludes that
performance would cause it to violate U.S. or other applicable trade laws, including those described
above, or put it at risk of becoming the subject of economic sanctions under such trade laws.

10.6 Severability. If any part of this Agreement is held to be unenforceable, the rest of the Agreement will
remain in full force and effect.

10.7 Waiver. Failure to enforce any provision of this Agreement will not constitute a waiver. Any waiver
must be in writing and signed by the waiving party.

10.8 No third-party beneficiaries. This Agreement does not create any third-party beneficiary rights except
as expressly provided by its terms.

10.9 Survival. All provisions survive termination of this Agreement except those requiring performance only
during the term of the Agreement.

10.10 Notices. Notices to GitHub may be submitted via email to legal@support.github.com. If Customer
wishes to formally service notice on GitHub, it must be made through GitHub’s registered agent:
GitHub, Inc.
c/o Corporation Service Company
2710 Gateway Oaks Drive, Suite 150N
Sacramento, CA 95833-3505
Notices must be in writing and will be treated as delivered on the date received at the address, date
shown on the return receipt, email transmission date, or date on the courier confirmation of delivery.
Notices to Customer will be sent to the individual at the address Customer identifies on its account as
its contact for notices. GitHub may send notices and other information to Customer by email or other
electronic form.

10.11 Applicable law and venue. This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the
laws of the State of California and federal laws of the United States. Any legal action or proceeding will
be brought exclusively in the federal or state courts located in the Northern District of California. The
parties consent to personal jurisdiction and venue there.
If Customer’s principal office is within the European Union, European Economic Area or Switzerland,
however, this Agreement will be governed by the laws of Ireland. Any legal action or proceeding will
be brought exclusively in the courts located in Dublin. The parties consent to personal jurisdiction
and venue there.
The above choices of venue do not prevent either party from seeking injunctive relief in any
jurisdiction with respect to a violation of intellectual property rights or confidentiality obligations.
The 1980 United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods and its related
instruments will not apply to this Agreement.

10.12 GitHub Affiliates and contractors. GitHub may perform its obligations under this Agreement through its
Affiliates and use contractors to provide certain services. GitHub remains responsible for their
performance.

10.13 U.S. Public Sector Amendment. The U.S. Public Sector Amendment applies if you are a Government
Entity (as defined in that amendment).

10.14 Government procurement rules. By accepting this Agreement, Customer represents and warrants that
(1) it has complied and will comply with all applicable government procurement laws and regulations;
(2) it is authorized to enter into this Agreement; and (3) this Agreement satisfies all applicable
procurement requirements.

11 Definitions

“Affiliate” means any legal entity that controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with a
party. In this context control means ownership of more than a 50% interest in an entity.

“Content” means text, data, software, images and any other materials that are displayed or otherwise
made available through the Online Service.

“Customer” means the entity that has entered into this Agreement.

“Customer Content” means Content that Customer creates, owns, or to which Customer holds the
rights.

“End User” means any person or machine account that Customer permits to use a Product or access
Customer Content.

“Feedback” means a comment or suggestion volunteered by a party about the other party’s business,
products or services.

“GitHub” means GitHub, Inc.

“Online Service” means the GitHub-hosted service to which Customer may subscribe under this
Agreement.

“Previews” means Products provided for preview, evaluation, demonstration or trial purposes, or prerelease versions of the Products.

“Product” means all Software, Online Services and Additional Products and Features that GitHub offers,
including Previews, updates, patches, bug fixes and support provided by GitHub.

“Product Specific Terms” means the additional product terms that apply to Products available under
this Agreement. The Product Specific Terms are provided at github.com/enterprise-legal.

“Representatives” means a party’s employees, Affiliates, contractors, advisors and consultants.

“SLA” means GitHub Online Services SLA, available at github.com/enterprise-legal, which specifies the
minimum service level for the Online Services.

“Software” means licensed copies of the on-premises software GitHub Enterprise Server identified in
the Product Specific Terms, including any generally available updates of the Software.

“Subscription License” means the license assigned to an End User.

“Subscription Term” means the license period agreed between the parties when the Products are
ordered.

“Support” means GitHub’s support programs described on github.com/support-enterprise.

“U.S. Public Sector Amendment” means the U.S. Public Sector Amendment available at
github.com/enterprise-legal.
